[AI gateway] Variety of tweaks / reformatting and reorganizing (#14674)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ai-gateway/get-started/creating-gateway.md

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

## Next Steps

{{<resource-group>}}

> {{<resource header="Connecting your application" href="/ai-gateway/get-started/connecting-applications/" icon="learning-center-book">}} Connect your AI Gateway to your application{{</resource>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to [connect your AI Gateway to your application](/ai-gateway/get-started/connecting-applications/) 
```

Reviewer: Same comment regarding **Next steps**
